README.md, before:

# MI:Foundation
modpack of the same fans of mod minecraft, we love technical and magic mods, and decided why not combine it together making a large modpack with smooth progression, so the idea to create a modpack.

We have [Discord](https://discord.gg/5j7xVACvKB) server where we quickly answer a question, help with modpack problems, as well as there you can suggest an idea or share your creativity!

By the way we also have a translation of all the quests in Russian, further will be an instruction in Russian how to do it:

У нас так же есть квесты на русском языке нашего авторства, если вы хотите играть с русскими нативными квестами, вам достаточно переместить в свою папку `./minecraft/config` папку `ftbquests` с заменой, скачать русские квесты можно в [релизе](https://github.com/Kisuny/MI-Foundation/releases/download/1.3.3/ru_lang.zip). 

# How to run modpack
At the moment it is possible to download from [CurseForge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/mif), in the future, if necessary, we will add more information about it!

# How to run server
You can download the server files from the [CurseForge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/mif), then depending on your system run `start.bat` if you are on *Windows*, or `start.sh` if you are on *Linux/mac*, then follow the instructions of the files.

Also, we recommend to pay attention to the folder [useful_server_mods](https://github.com/Kisuny/MI-Foundation/tree/main/useful_server_mods), there are collected useful mods for server that we tested and once used!

Commit message:

Added information on how to run the modpack using Prism

README.md, after:

# MI:Foundation
modpack of the same fans of mod minecraft, we love technical and magic mods, and decided why not combine it together making a large modpack with smooth progression, so the idea to create a modpack.

We have [Discord](https://discord.gg/5j7xVACvKB) server where we quickly answer a question, help with modpack problems, as well as there you can suggest an idea or share your creativity!

By the way we also have a translation of all the quests in Russian, further will be an instruction in Russian how to do it:

У нас так же есть квесты на русском языке нашего авторства, если вы хотите играть с русскими нативными квестами, вам достаточно переместить в свою папку `./minecraft/config` папку `ftbquests` с заменой, скачать русские квесты можно в [релизе](https://github.com/Kisuny/MI-Foundation/releases/download/1.3.3/ru_lang.zip). 

# How to run modpack

## Using CurseForge
You can download the modpack using CurseForge at [this](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/mif) link.

## Using Prism Launcher

1. Go to the «[Releases](https://github.com/Kisuny/MI-Foundation/releases)» section and download the .zip file of the latest version.
2. In Prism Launcher on the top right, click the «Add Instance» button, in the window that opens, select the «Import» button on the left.  Click «Browse» and select the previously downloaded .zip file. During the installation process you will be asked to download a couple of mods yourself (just click the link and that's it)
3. Click on «Edit» on your Instance and in the Settings category allocate 6-8gb of RAM and also make sure you have Java 17 selected.

# How to run server
You can download the server files from the [CurseForge page](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/mif), then depending on your system run `start.bat` if you are on *Windows*, or `start.sh` if you are on *Linux/mac*, then follow the instructions of the files.

Also, we recommend to pay attention to the folder [useful_server_mods](https://github.com/Kisuny/MI-Foundation/tree/main/useful_server_mods), there are collected useful mods for server that we tested and once used!
